notes/NOTES.md, before:

Internal notes
==============

CAUTION: Here be spoilers. Don't read this file unless you are okay with
seeing things that aren't finished yet, may never be finished, and will
reveal details about things you haven't yet gotten up to. And there'll be
unmarked spoilers for the movie "Inside Out", too. Just sayin'.

Each of the five PCs has some sort of special ability - a kind of class skill
or spell or something. Subject to revision, current theory is:

* Joy is the leader of the group. As Riley's primary emotion, she can overrule
  the other PCs (probably limited to once per session?) and state what the
  characters will do. This can be used to break ties, but occasionally to
  drive things forward a particular way.
* Sadness's power is not known at the start of the story. Figuring this out is
  the main body of the plot.
* Fear is taller and more agile than the other emotions, and he can lift and
  carry objects that the others can't do.
* Disgust has a +8 bonus to Bluff, Sense Motive, and related skill checks.
* Anger has no on-command abilities, but when enraged, he cannot be overruled,
  can enforce access to the Console, and can effectively make Riley behave in
  any way he chooses (but can't overrule the other PCs). This is indicated by
  his head catching fire. At the story's climax, this becomes its own power...

Synchronization
---------------

It's possible that you have a copy of Inside Out, but not absolutely identical
to the one I measured from. To help with this, I have taken a two-frame snap
from near the beginning of the movie and another from the end, and saved them
both at low resolution to the "sync" directory. Find the corresponding points
in your copy (approx 0:01:34 and 1:28:09) and find the correct frame numbers.
That would provide you with an offset, and possibly a scaling factor (I've used
a 30fps reference, but if you're on 60fps, you'll need to double all the frame
numbers), and some day I might make a way to give these corrections to the
builder script.

Commit message:

Spec out some more plot, and in the process, learn about Sadness

notes/NOTES.md, after:

Internal notes
==============

CAUTION: Here be spoilers. Don't read this file unless you are okay with
seeing things that aren't finished yet, may never be finished, and will
reveal details about things you haven't yet gotten up to. And there'll be
unmarked spoilers for the movie "Inside Out", too. Just sayin'.

Sadness's player has some experience with this game system, and is avoiding
spoilers. The other players are brand new to this, but know gaming generally.

Each of the five PCs has some sort of special ability - a kind of class skill
or spell or something. Subject to revision, current theory is:

* Joy is the leader of the group. As Riley's primary emotion, she can overrule
  the other PCs (probably limited to once per session?) and state what the
  characters will do. This can be used to break ties, but occasionally to
  drive things forward a particular way.
* Sadness's power is not initially known to anyone but herself and the DM. She
  can analyze memories, and can frob them to prevent them from fading to grey.
  This also turns them blue, which creates conflict with the other emotions.
  Sadness also has more skill points than the other characters.
* Fear is taller and more agile than the other emotions, and he can lift and
  carry objects that the others can't do.
* Disgust has a +8 bonus to Bluff, Sense Motive, and related skill checks.
* Anger has no on-command abilities, but when enraged, he cannot be overruled,
  can enforce access to the Console, and can effectively make Riley behave in
  any way he chooses (but can't overrule the other PCs). This is indicated by
  his head catching fire. At the story's climax, this becomes its own power...

Synchronization
---------------

It's possible that you have a copy of Inside Out, but not absolutely identical
to the one I measured from. To help with this, I have taken a two-frame snap
from near the beginning of the movie and another from the end, and saved them
both at low resolution to the "sync" directory. Find the corresponding points
in your copy (approx 0:01:34 and 1:28:09) and find the correct frame numbers.
That would provide you with an offset, and possibly a scaling factor (I've used
a 30fps reference, but if you're on 60fps, you'll need to double all the frame
numbers), and some day I might make a way to give these corrections to the
builder script.
